doc: Adds compatibility list (#49)
ZEISS-PiWeb/PiWeb-Import-Sdk: README.md

### How to write an import plugin?
Getting started is as easy as creating a new C# project in your favorite IDE, adding a plugin manifest and linking the [Zeiss.PiWeb.Sdk.Import](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Zeiss.PiWeb.Sdk.Import/) NuGet. To make this even easier, we provide a project template you can use as a starting point. More detailed information about this can be found in our [import plugin documentation](https://zeiss-piweb.github.io/PiWeb-Import-Sdk/).

> ### Version compatibilities

Reviewer: I think it is more typical to use the singular: Version compatibility

> The following PiWeb versions are compatible with the below import SDK versions:

Reviewer: Maybe we can use the opportunity here to explain a bit more what we mean by compatibility.
```suggestion
The following table lists which versions of PiWeb will support plugins written against which version of the Import SDK.
```

| PiWeb version | Import SDK version |
| - | - |
| &ge; 2025.R1.1 | 1.0 |

> | &le; 8.6 | not supported |

Author: I'm not sure whether we should work with wildcards and always 3 positions or whether it's more likely to lead to confusion. Since <= 8.6 means <= 8.6.latest.

Reviewer: Mhh good question. I like the wildcard idea at least for the revision of the piweb version because this would express that the revision should and likely never will matter for the supported sdk version. So like this:

| PiWeb version | Import SDK version |
| - | - |
| &ge; 2025.R1.* | 1.0 |
| &le; 8.6.* | no plugin support |
